README.md, before:

# RMMUD
RMMUD is short for "RandomGgames' Minecraft Mod Updater and Downloader". This is a python script which automatically downloads latest versions of mods and copies them into instance folders/server folders with just one click (after configuration that is)! I specifically made this because I have many minecraft instances spanning different versions as well as having a few server folders. I've made this script so I can update the mods in all of them all at once!

# Requirements
- Python 3. https://www.python.org/downloads/
- "Requests" library. `pip install requests`
- "YAML" library. `pip install pyyaml`
- Your own CurseForge API key if using Curseforge links. https://console.curseforge.com/?#/api-keys
  - Log in
  - Close the popup menu in the middle of the screen if it pops up
  - Click the API keys icon on the left side
  - Copy key from here into the RMMUDConfig.yaml file where directed

# How to use
- Extract files to a folder (not extract here)
- Configure the instances inside the RMMUDInstances folder
- Open the "RMMUDConfig.yaml" file and add a CurseForge API if using CurseForge links anywhere
- Run "RMMUD.py"

# Features:
- [x] Fabric Modrinth mods support
- [x] Auto-delete outdated fabric mods
- [x] Fabric Curseforge mods support
- [x] Auto-delete outdated forge mods(?)
- [x] Forge Curseforge mods support(?)
- [X] Forge Modrinth mods support(?)

### Possible future features
- [ ] Auto-download mod dependencies
- [ ] Modrinth Resource pack support
- [ ] Modrinth Shader pack support
- [ ] CurseForge Resource pack support
- [ ] Curseforge Shaderpack Support

Commit message:

Added ReadMe warning about WIP branch

README.md, after:

# WIP Branch
This branch is not currently functioning and is actively being worked on. Do not use it for updating mods! Only use it if you want to help contribute by submitting pull requests.

# RMMUD
RMMUD is short for "RandomGgames' Minecraft Mod Updater and Downloader". This is a python script which automatically downloads latest versions of mods and copies them into instance folders/server folders with just one click (after configuration that is)! I specifically made this because I have many minecraft instances spanning different versions as well as having a few server folders. I've made this script so I can update the mods in all of them all at once!

# Requirements
- Python 3. https://www.python.org/downloads/
- "Requests" library. `pip install requests`
- "YAML" library. `pip install pyyaml`
- Your own CurseForge API key if using Curseforge links. https://console.curseforge.com/?#/api-keys
  - Log in
  - Close the popup menu in the middle of the screen if it pops up
  - Click the API keys icon on the left side
  - Copy key from here into the RMMUDConfig.yaml file where directed

# How to use
- Extract files to a folder (not extract here)
- Configure the instances inside the RMMUDInstances folder
- Open the "RMMUDConfig.yaml" file and add a CurseForge API if using CurseForge links anywhere
- Run "RMMUD.py"

# Features:
- [x] Fabric Modrinth mods support
- [x] Auto-delete outdated fabric mods
- [x] Fabric Curseforge mods support
- [x] Auto-delete outdated forge mods(?)
- [x] Forge Curseforge mods support(?)
- [X] Forge Modrinth mods support(?)

### Possible future features
- [ ] Auto-download mod dependencies
- [ ] Modrinth Resource pack support
- [ ] Modrinth Shader pack support
- [ ] CurseForge Resource pack support
- [ ] Curseforge Shaderpack Support
